Update name resolution docs (#4007)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/service-invocation/service-invocation-overview.md

> ### Pluggable service discovery

Reviewer: Let's rename this to swappable
```suggestion
### Swappable service discovery
```

> Dapr can run on a variety of [hosting platforms]({{< ref hosting >}}). To enable service discovery and service invocation, Dapr uses pluggable [name resolution components]({{< ref supported-name-resolution >}}). For example, the Kubernetes name resolution component uses the Kubernetes DNS service to resolve the location of other applications running in the cluster. 

Reviewer: Replace pluggable, since we used that for external components that are separate from the run time. Used swappable instead. 

```suggestion
Dapr can run on a variety of [hosting platforms]({{< ref hosting >}}). To enable swappable service discovery with service invocation, Dapr uses [name resolution components]({{< ref supported-name-resolution >}}). For example, the Kubernetes name resolution component uses the Kubernetes DNS service to resolve the location of other applications running in the cluster. 
```

Self-hosted machines can use the mDNS name resolution component. As an alternative, you can use the SQLite name resolution component to run Dapr on single-node environments and for local development scenarios. Dapr sidecars that are part of the cluster store their information in a SQLite database on the local machine.

> The Consul name resolution component can be used in any hosting environment, including Kubernetes or self-hosted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Consul name resolution component is particularly suited to multi-machine deployments and can be used in any hosting environment, including Kubernetes, multiple VMs or self-hosted.
```
